welcome Wow gamers I'd like to quickly
tell you about our brand new guide that
will help you gain reputation hundreds
of gold and guaranteed epic items all at
the same time we have just created a
powerful in-game step-by-step guide that
you won't be able to find anywhere else
I'm sure a lot of you have reached level
80 and have asked a lot of these same
questions what should i do once i reach
level 80 should i finish all the quests
in northland what is a daily quest and
how do I get started how do i earn
reputation gold farming is so boring is
there a better way to earn gold well
doogie's daily and event quest guide is
here to solve your problems once you
have reached level 80 it's time to do
the daily quest to earn reputation and
gold at the same time so what does 25
daily quest a day mean to you first of
all you can earn thousands of easy
reputation points per day this is faster
than looking for groups and doing level
80 dungeons doing these daily quests can
be the only way to earn reputation and
once you have reached revered more
exalted reputation you can purchase epic
quality items for as little as 50 gold
this sure beats paying thousands of gold
at the auction house for your epic gears
and at the same time you will earn
hundreds of gold everyone would agree
that this is the fun way of earning your
gold the way Blizzard intended it to be
you will be able to earn special epic
mounts some of the coolest mounts in the
game are only available if you earn
enough reputation to buy them such as
the grand ice mammoth red Drake and if
you're lucky the green proto drake and
white polar bear you can earn special
armor in chance for example a shoulder
enchant earned from being exalted with
the sons of oh dear this is the best
shoulder enchant you can get in the game
and there's no alternative so if you're
serious about getting the most out of
your character you will need these in
chance and last but not least you can
earn special recipes these recipes are
useful for creating the best selling
items for the auction house because not
many people know how to earn reputation
fast to learn these recipes our guide is
a complete daily quest guide for
wrath of the lich king we have included
everything to get you started so you can
complete up to 25 daily quests in less
than two hours most people easily spend
five to six hours completing all their
daily quests to qualify to do daily
quests you must first complete the
regular quests in that zone so we have
included a complete storm peaks an ice
crowns own guide as well many leveling
guides don't include storm peaks in
icecrown because these areas are not
very efficient for leveling but you will
still need to complete them to qualify
to do your quests storm peaks and ice
crown are two of the biggest questing
zones and world of warcraft they contain
some of the coolest quests and
storylines in the game you're really
missing out if you have never completed
them before completing these two zones
at level 80 will also earn you around
4000 gold and will count toward your
achievement on top of the complete daily
quest and starting guides we will
include an updated special events guide
such as Halloween brewfest and
children's week these event quests are
very important to complete your
achievement and will also earn you tons
of cool novelty items that will make
your friends jealous so let's break down
what you will get with this guide this
guide is a one hundred percent step by
step in game quest guide you can choose
a guide from inside the game and it will
direct you with a waypoint arrow showing
you where to go and how to complete the
next step it will include all of the
wrath of the lich king daily quests in
eight different zones it will include
the two final zones that are skipped by
leveling guides the storm peaks and ice
crown it will include all ten yearly
events guides this will be updated as we
get closer to the dates of these events
and the advantage of having this guide
is that you get to save time and keep
track of quests there is also a bonus of
jewelcrafting fishing and cooking daily
quests before you go I have prepared a
ton of cool stuff for you be sure to
sign up below for our free online
version of the daily quest guide we were
creating this as a part of a bonus for
members but we decided to give these out
for free to our mailing list
this will also give you the chance to
see our guide live in action once your
email is confirmed you will get an
automated instruction on how to view the
members content and it will also update
whenever there is new stuff in the
members area you will be able to
unsubscribe at any time and still keep
the cool stuff we send you and we will
not waste your time by sending you a
bunch of useless junk mail thank you for
listening I hope to see you on the other
side